vision is a three screen app.
  the soul screen is called the 'view'. 
  the heart screen is called the 'create'.
  the body screen is called the 'we'.
  
  VIEW 
    top left corner of the view has the vision V icon.
       vision V -> vision view
        vision view is the curated vision of the collective whole and its trending NFT drops.
        (app always defaults to the vision view)
    top right corner has the visionary's PROFILE icon in a circle.
          behind users profile picture is triangle a drop down menu.
            drop down menu moves diagonally to a 4/3 triangle of the screen.
             visionary's drop down is a scrollable profile view.
                tap visoinary's corner for dropdown.
                  tap visionary's corner again for retract.
    bottom right corner has the VISION CENTER icon.
       vision center -> create
        create takes user to NFT creation center
        choose between take photo, video, or interact.
          photo and video mode default to native camera.
            user can opt to use 3rd party cameras as plugins.
               i.e. users may choose the native camera or any app on the users device. -Filmic Pro, InShot, Lightroom, Halide, TikTok, etc.
          interact allows user to create new content from posted content or add comments to a drop.
              *COMMENTING IS LESS IMPORTANT THAN RECREATING NEW CONTENT
            i.e. when viewing a drop user taps vision center icon and chooses interact to create something new.
    bottom left corner is the LOVE icon (like/LOVE).
       tap to like (red)
       double tap to love (gold)
          hearts of each drop overlay relative to the users interaction with it.
            i.e. if viewer looks at post for 22 secconds and gives a goldheart, goldheart will overlay at 22s.
            hearts fall from the top down on the right side of the device.
            goldheart overlays become part of the post.
            viewers can toggle on/off goldheart section.
            each user can choose a proceed donation from proceeds given and recieved.
              i.e. for every goldheart, comment, share, record; a portion of sent or recieved transactions can bless another.
              default blessing goes to the indigenous people of colombia.
    
  CREATE
    top left corner is the SELECTS icon
      selects is a pull down allowing the user to choose the content for creation.
        i.e. camera roll, albums, another users drop, etc.
    top center left is the FILTERS icon
      filters is a pull down allowing the user to choose from free or purchased preset and user created filters.
    top center right is the OVERLAYS
      overlays is a pull down allowing the user to choose from free or purchased preset and user created overlays.
        i.e. images, gifs, transitions, animations, etc.
    top right is the AUDIO icon
      audio is a pull down allowing the user to adjust audio levels and choose from free or purchased preset and user created audio.
        i.e. songs, sound fx, foley etc.
    beneath the top row of icons is the CANVAS
      canvas is the window showing the users progress while editing. 
    beneath the canvas is the CUTS 
      cuts is the timeline where pictures, video, audio, filters, and overlays are adjusted.
    bottom right is the COLLAB icon
      collab is drop down allowing users to share and collaborate with others prior to forging (minting).
        i.e. editor, musician, colorist, etc.
    bottom center is the FORGE icon
      forge mints the NFT and publishes to a users vision.
    bottom left is the PROPS icon
      props is a drop down allowing users to comment on a select drop.
  
  WE
    top center is the DISCOVER search bar.
      discover allows user to search for anything in the marketplace.
    under the discover bar is FEATURED carousel.
      featured is the trending users and products.
    under featured is the MARKET grid.
      market grid shows the catagories of user created goods and sevices.
        i.e. user created app skins, filters, editing, custom animation, etc.
    
        
